README.md, before:

# Curriculum Vitae
I've finished International Baccalaureate in 2010 and Master's degree in computer science in 2017. My current skill set includes React, AngularDart, AngularX, AngularJS, Aurelia and Unity, while I'm also familiar with jQuery, Bootstrap and Materialize. I'm fluent in Javascript, Typescript, Dart and C# but I've programmed in Python and Java too. I've dabbled in data science, AI and big data in the past but my main focus is web and game development. I can speak fluent Slovene and English but can also chat in German. 

This is collection of professional and free time projects I've worked on. 
## Professional work
This list includes work I got paid for, in chronological order. Some of that work isn't online any more or it's behind authentication.

* AP News website rewrite (plan to finish in autumm 2018)
    * Express + React, with SSR and CSR
    * worked solo
* Cashlook website
    * Express + Pug, vanilla Javascript for progressive improvements
    * worked solo
* System for remote patients' care
    * AngularX
    * worked solo, together with external code reviewer and another teams
* Maintenance and improvements of AP News CMS
    * AngularDart
    * worked solo
* power plant management system for Solcell
    * Aurelia
    * worked in team of two
* fulltext search in millions of articles for Astro Read
    * Solr
    * worked solo in collaboration with another team
* 2 iterations of CMS for Academia Fantasia
    * .Net MVC + jQuery
    * worked solo
* 2 iterations of Astro Read online app
    * 1\. iteration .Net MVC + Knockout
    * 2\. iteration AngularJS
    * worked in team of two

## Game jams
I often take part in offline game jams, where you have to start and finish functioning game on 48 hours. Teams are created on spot and most of the time consist of complete strangers that have to work together. At all of these jams I participate as programmer.

* Drift EZ
    * 2vs2 racing game where each member of duo controls one aspect of their car
    * https://github.com/DreadBoy/drift-ez
    * https://globalgamejam.org/2018/games/drift-ez
* Roybot
    * Local multiplayer game, where game is running on computer but players join the game with their phones that act like controllers. Each player then controlls a robot by constructing small programs from simple commands. Goal of game is to be first player that collects all drops on field.
    * https://github.com/DreadBoy/battlefield-squirrel-incident
    * https://globalgamejam.org/2016/games/roybot
* I see you hear
    * Co-op game where one player only sees the game and another only hears it. The goal of the game is to escape the psychiatric hospital but players have to collaborate in order to overcome challenges. Can be played by hearing or visual impaired.
    * https://globalgamejam.org/2014/games/i-see-you-hear
* Squashberry
    * Simple mobile game, promoting healthy eating habits
    * https://github.com/DreadBoy/squashberry
    * https://github.com/DreadBoy/SquashberryBackend

## Free time projects
From time to time I like to experiment with new things and Github is where I publish those experiments.

* Dandelifion
    * Using genetics algorithms to find optimal starting position for modified Game of life
    * https://github.com/DreadBoy/dandelifeon
* Minecraft crafting assistant
    * Simple Google Assistant app that helps you calculate amount of resources you need to any recipe in Minecraft.
    * https://github.com/DreadBoy/crafting-calculator
* Linking shots
    * Demo for fast-paced bullet hell game where main gameplay loop includes time rewing
    * https://github.com/DreadBoy/linking-shots
    * After playtesting it turned out time rewinding isn't as fun in fast-paced games as in puzle games so I scrapped the project
* SpaceyOS
    * Simulation of computer terminal on board of trader's space ship
    * Experiment with C# runtime compiler and then-new .Net Core
    * https://github.com/DreadBoy/SpaceyOS
* Brainfuck interpreter
    * Brainfuck interpreter written in Javascript
    * https://github.com/DreadBoy/brainfuck-interpreter
* Economics Come: Deliverance
    * educational game, teaching you basic economics' concept
    * https://github.com/DreadBoy/Economics-Come--Deliverance
* a lot of short game concepts
    * https://github.com/DreadBoy/rattle-sock
    * https://github.com/DreadBoy/Cotton-Candy-Defenders
    * https://github.com/DreadBoy/terrain-generation
    * https://github.com/DreadBoy/project-cardboard-box
    * https://github.com/DreadBoy/escape-the-void

Commit message:

Add more technologies and services

README.md, after:

# Curriculum Vitae
I've finished International Baccalaureate in 2010 and Master's degree in computer science in 2017. My current skill set includes React, AngularDart, AngularX, AngularJS and Aurelia, while I'm also familiar with jQuery, Bootstrap and Materialize. I've also worked with Express, Koa, .Net MVC and .Net Core. I'm fluent in Javascript, Typescript, Dart and C# but I've programmed in Python and Java too. In the past I've deployed my systems to AWS and Heroku but I'm most familiar with Google's AppEngine and associated services (Datastore, Memcache, Cloud Storage, Stackdriver, Big Query...).  I've dabbled in data science, AI and big data in the past but my main focus is web and game development. I can speak fluent Slovene and English but can also chat in German. 

This is collection of professional and free time projects I've worked on. 
## Professional work
This list includes work I got paid for, in chronological order. Some of that work isn't online any more or it's behind authentication.

* AP News website rewrite (plan to finish in autumm 2018)
    * Express + React, with SSR and CSR
    * worked solo
* Cashlook website
    * Express + Pug, vanilla Javascript for progressive improvements
    * worked solo
* System for remote patients' care
    * AngularX
    * worked solo, together with external code reviewer and another teams
* Maintenance and improvements of AP News CMS
    * AngularDart
    * worked solo
* power plant management system for Solcell
    * Aurelia
    * worked in team of two
* fulltext search in millions of articles for Astro Read
    * Solr
    * worked solo in collaboration with another team
* 2 iterations of CMS for Academia Fantasia
    * .Net MVC + jQuery
    * worked solo
* 2 iterations of Astro Read online app
    * 1\. iteration .Net MVC + Knockout
    * 2\. iteration AngularJS
    * worked in team of two

## Game jams
I often take part in offline game jams, where you have to start and finish functioning game on 48 hours. Teams are created on spot and most of the time consist of complete strangers that have to work together. At all of these jams I participate as programmer.

* Drift EZ
    * 2vs2 racing game where each member of duo controls one aspect of their car
    * https://github.com/DreadBoy/drift-ez
    * https://globalgamejam.org/2018/games/drift-ez
* Roybot
    * Local multiplayer game, where game is running on computer but players join the game with their phones that act like controllers. Each player then controlls a robot by constructing small programs from simple commands. Goal of game is to be first player that collects all drops on field.
    * https://github.com/DreadBoy/battlefield-squirrel-incident
    * https://globalgamejam.org/2016/games/roybot
* I see you hear
    * Co-op game where one player only sees the game and another only hears it. The goal of the game is to escape the psychiatric hospital but players have to collaborate in order to overcome challenges. Can be played by hearing or visual impaired.
    * https://globalgamejam.org/2014/games/i-see-you-hear
* Squashberry
    * Simple mobile game, promoting healthy eating habits
    * https://github.com/DreadBoy/squashberry
    * https://github.com/DreadBoy/SquashberryBackend

## Free time projects
From time to time I like to experiment with new things and Github is where I publish those experiments.

* Dandelifion
    * Using genetics algorithms to find optimal starting position for modified Game of life
    * https://github.com/DreadBoy/dandelifeon
* Minecraft crafting assistant
    * Simple Google Assistant app that helps you calculate amount of resources you need to any recipe in Minecraft.
    * https://github.com/DreadBoy/crafting-calculator
* Linking shots
    * Demo for fast-paced bullet hell game where main gameplay loop includes time rewing
    * https://github.com/DreadBoy/linking-shots
    * After playtesting it turned out time rewinding isn't as fun in fast-paced games as in puzle games so I scrapped the project
* SpaceyOS
    * Simulation of computer terminal on board of trader's space ship
    * Experiment with C# runtime compiler and then-new .Net Core
    * https://github.com/DreadBoy/SpaceyOS
* Brainfuck interpreter
    * Brainfuck interpreter written in Javascript
    * https://github.com/DreadBoy/brainfuck-interpreter
* Economics Come: Deliverance
    * educational game, teaching you basic economics' concept
    * https://github.com/DreadBoy/Economics-Come--Deliverance
* a lot of short game concepts
    * https://github.com/DreadBoy/rattle-sock
    * https://github.com/DreadBoy/Cotton-Candy-Defenders
    * https://github.com/DreadBoy/terrain-generation
    * https://github.com/DreadBoy/project-cardboard-box
    * https://github.com/DreadBoy/escape-the-void
